docs: add multi-tenancy doc (#66)
deislabs/ratify-web: docs/reference/multi-tenancy.md

# Multi-tenancy

> 

Reviewer: recommend having a table of contents since there is a lot of content

This page provides an overview of the design and configuration of Ratify for multi-tenancy support since v1.2.0.

> Ratify supports multi-tenancy by sharing a cluster between multiple teams within an organization. See previous [discussion](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/dev/docs/discussion/Multi-Tenancy%20Support.md) on the multi-tenancy support for more details. Customers could deploy a single Ratify instance and use namespaces to isolate resources for different teams.

Reviewer: I think we should also clarify that the only supported model is a single Ratify for the entire cluster

> Ratify supports multi-tenancy by sharing a cluster between multiple teams within an organization. See previous [discussion](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/dev/docs/discussion/Multi-Tenancy%20Support.md) on the multi-tenancy support for more details. Customers could deploy a single Ratify instance and use namespaces to isolate resources for different teams.

Author: Thanks for suggestion! Will add it!

## Custom Resources
Ratify enables multi-tenancy support by allowing users to define resources in a namespace scope. This allows users to define policies, verifiers, stores, and key management providers in a namespace and have them apply only to that namespace. Additionally, users can define cluster-wide resources as defaults for namespaces that do not have a specific resource defined.

Below is a list of Custom Resources that support multi-tenancy.
| | Cluster-wide | Namespaced |
|---|---|---|
|[Referrer Store](./custom%20resources/stores.md)| Store | NamespacedStore |
|[Verifier](./custom%20resources/verifiers.md)| Verifier | NamespacedVerifier |
|[Policy](./custom%20resources/policies.md)| Policy | NamespacedPolicy |
|[Key Management Provider](./custom%20resources/key-management-providers.md)| KeyManagementProvider | NamespacedKeyManagementProvider |

> **Note1**: CertificateStore resource is in **DEPRECATED** stage. If users want to move to multi-tenancy, they should use the Key Management Provider instead.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to add link to migration guide

**Note2**: In V2.0.0, we plan to rename cluster-wide resources to ClusterResource, e.g. ClusterVerifier, ClusterStore, ClusterPolicy and ClusterKeyManagementProvider, while renaming namespaced resources to Resource without prefix, e.g. Verifier, Store, Policy and KeyManagementProvider. This change will make the resource easier to understand and follow the conventions in Kubernetes community.

## Multi-tenancy: Opt-In/Out

> There is no explicit feature flag to enable or disable multi-tenancy in Ratify. However, users would need to apply some resources to actively use multi-tenancy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no explicit feature flag to enable or disable multi-tenancy in Ratify. Users implicitly opt-in to use multi-tenancy when applying namespace specific resources (`NamespacedStore`, `NamespacedVerifier` etc.).
```

### Custom Resources
Users are supposed to use multi-tenancy by defining resources in a namespace scope or use cluster-wide resources as defaults. If users just want to enforce verification for the entire cluster, they should define resources in a cluster-wide scope.

### Constraint Template

> Starting from version 1.2.0, Ratify now accommodates keys from external data request in both `[namespace]artifact-url` and `artifact-url` formats. To opt in multi-tenancy, users should adjust their constraint template to pass keys in `[namespace]artifact-url` format. However, if users just want to enforce verification for the entire cluster, they should pass only the `artifact-url` keys to Ratify.

Author: good call, actually I need to mention both the new CT and KMP together. If users migrate to the new CT but stay on cluster-wide use case, the old certStore might not work as before since there is no cluster-wide certStore. Basically if users want exactly same behavior on certStore, they need to stay with old CT and certStore, which I think is not a breaking change.

Examples:

> Constraint template using `artifact-url` formats: [default template](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/dev/library/default/template.yaml)

Reviewer 2: is it possible to link to the line number that contains the url for default template, as well as the multi-tenancy template?

Constraint template using `[namespace]artifact-url` formats: [multi-tenancy template](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/dev/library/multi-tenancy-validation/template.yaml)

> ## Access Control

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to move Access control section before Custom Resource. It is good to start with the concepts and the designed user groups in my opinion. :)

### User Group
We defined 3 user groups in the multi-tenancy [design](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/dev/docs/discussion/Multi-Tenancy%20Support.md#user-group): cluster admin, team admin, and team developer. 
1. Cluster admin has full control over the cluster and can manage all resources in the cluster. 
2. Team admin can manage resources in a namespace and assign permissions to team developers. 
3. Team developer can only access resources in a namespace and have limited permissions.

Note: This is just a general example of user groups. Users can define more user groups based on their requirements.

### Custom Resources
Ratify provides a set of Custom Resources to define policies, verifiers, stores, and key management providers. Users can define these resources in namespaced level or cluster-wide scope. The access control to these resources is managed by the cluster admin. 

> For example, cluster admins are able to apply namespaced and cluster-wide CRs. Team admins have the capability to deploy namespaced CRs within their designated namespaces. Meanwhile, team devs are restricted to view CRs within their allocated namespaces.

Reviewer: What is the resource description RBAC separation? Are team devs allowed to read resources from other namespaces?

## Setup
To set up multi-tenancy in Ratify, users need to follow the steps below:

### Step 1: Install Minikube
In this tutorial, we take [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) as an example, but feel free to choose your own Kubernetes Cluster.

```bash
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/minikube/releases/latest/minikube-linux-amd64
sudo install minikube-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/minikube && rm minikube-linux-amd64
```

### Step 2: Create a new team admin user besides the existing minikube cluster admin user.

#### Step 2.1: Create a client certificate
```bash
mkdir cert && cd cert
# Generate a key using OpenSSL
openssl genrsa -out user1.key 2048
# Generate a Client Sign Request
openssl req -new -key user1.key -out user1.csr -subj "/CN=user1/O=group1"
# Generate the certificate
openssl x509 -req -in user1.csr -CA ~/.minikube/ca.crt -CAkey ~/.minikube/ca.key -CAcreateserial -out user1.crt -days 500
```
Now we have the `user1.key` and `user1.crt` to create a user.

#### Step 2.2: Create a new user
```bash
# Set a user entry in kubeconfig
kubectl config set-credentials user1 --client-certificate=user1.crt --client-key=user1.key
# Set a context entry in kubeconfig

> kubectl config set-context user1-context --cluster=minikube --user=user1

Reviewer 2: is user1 and teamAdmin? chould we name the user "teamadmin"?

Author: good call, will rename to team-admin
